Update key documentation pages with information about the Cloud account creation and the social login option. (#3601)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/partials/misc/admon-getting-started-with-tinymce.adoc

== Getting Started with {productname}

> {productname} is a powerful, flexible rich text editor for web applications. This quick-start guide explains how to integrate {productname} into a web page with {companyname} Cloud.
> Install {productname} to add a feature-rich, sleek, and intuitive editor to your app with just a few lines of code. After registering, you'll receive a personalized code snippet with your API key and a guide to help you integrate {productname}.

Author: ```suggestion
{productname} is a rich text editor designed for web applications. To install {productname}, include the required script and initialize the editor with a minimal configuration. Upon registration, an API key is provided along with a corresponding code snippet for integration.
```
